Hi friends
In this video we will discuss about string manipulation.
So like arrays, strings
Also start with index 0. See a string "hello" here at
index zero We have H and at index 4 we
have 'O', So to access First character use index zero and to
access second character use Index 1
And in general we can say to access nth character
We can use the index n-1.  Now see
an example We have character array word[6] equal
to hello. So the string hello will be stored in
word and we can access these characters using indices
from 0 to 4. 'H' at word[0]
'e' at word[1], 'l' at word[2] next
'l' at word[3] and 'o' at word[4] and
at word[5]
We will have null character representing the end of the string.
Now see a simple programme
Here we have the main function and a character array
word is created and string Hello is stored in
it now using the format specifier %s, We
are printing the word so the string hello will be
printed as the output
Now we are assigning the character * to word[4]
So at index 4 o will be replaced with *
Now we are printing the string again using %s
So the string h e l l *  will be
printed
Now we are assigning the character # into index one
So # will replace e
Now we are printing the string again
This time it prints H # l l *  and return
zero
So that is how we can access each character in a string
using the indices
So that's all and thank you for watching this video